docs: update component styling docs (#1553)
BuilderIO/mitosis: packages/docs/src/routes/docs/components/index.mdx

}
```

You can also use the [useStyle](/docs/hooks#usestyle) hook to add styles to a component

### `import .css file`

In general all imports inside a Mitosis component are passed to the generated output file.
Therefore, you can import a `.css` file like this:

````css
/* ./src/my-component/my-component.css */

.my-component{
    margin-top: 10px;
}
````

```tsx
/* ./src/my-component/my-component.lite.tsx */
import "./my-component.css";

export default function CSSExample() {
  return <div class="my-component" />;
}
```

> **Note:** The Mitosis cli will only move `.ts` and `.js` files to the output directory.
> You need to move the `.css` file by your own.

### `headless components`

> You should consider developing your components without a fixed style inside the Mitosis component.
> Loading the style inside the consuming app via bundler (vite, webpack, etc.) or with default `<link rel="stylesheet" ...`,
> enables a flexible approach. You would use `class` or `data-*` attributes inside your Mitosis component:
> 
> ```tsx
> /* ./src/my-component/my-component.lite.tsx */
> export default function CSSExample() {
>   return <div class="my-component" />;
> }
> ```
> 
> The advantage of this is, that you can rely on the CSS ecosystem (sass, less, etc.).
> But you might encounter some problems when you want to use web-components with shadowDOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another approach is to develop your components without a fixed style inside the Mitosis component, a.k.a. "headless components".

You can do so by loading the styles inside the consuming webapp via a bundler (vite, webpack, etc.) or with a head stylesheet `<link rel="stylesheet" ...`.
You can then use `class` or `data-*` attributes inside your Mitosis component to apply those styles:

```tsx
/* ./src/my-component/my-component.lite.tsx */
export default function CSSExample() {
  return <div class="my-component" />;
}
```

The advantage of this is that you can rely on the CSS ecosystem (sass, less, etc.).

Note: you might encounter some problems with this approach if you want to use web components with shadowDOM.
```

> But you might encounter some problems when you want to use web-components with shadowDOM.

Reviewer: I don't fully understand this note. What's a "standalone component"?

Author: I meant `headless`, I don't know why I wrote `standalone` in the first place.

Changed it.
